README.md, before:

# Growgle - AI-Powered Career Advisor

Introducing Growgle, India’s first personalised, all-in-one, pan-industrial career platform, powered by Google’s latest AI models, Cloud features, and personalised real-time career feeds. Its 4.7 million token premium-quality RAG vector database—the first, largest and most diverse of its kind in India—builds a solid yet unique foundation that analyses the volatility of career stability due to under-explored realms like business psychology, administrative-policy framework updates, economic changes and international politics.

Our engines are powered with premium-quality domestic and international data, retrieved from renowned Indian and international research organizations, MNC growth statistics, business outlook reports, government agencies and ministries, statistics from Google Data Commons, administrative annual reports, and think-tank research publications. From keeping users ahead with the latest job opportunities and region-based work culture insights, to designing customised, multi-dimensional career growth plans, Growgle is the common path for Google and India towards realising Viksit Bharat by 2047.

## 🚀 Features

### Core Functionality
- **Skills Mapping**: Upload resume, manual entry, or LinkedIn integration for comprehensive skill analysis
- **AI-Powered Recommendations**: Tailored career path suggestions based on user skills and market trends
- **Industry Trends Dashboard**: Real-time insights on technology trends and government policies
- **Personalized Roadmaps**: Interactive career progression with milestones and learning paths
- **Progress Tracking**: Visual progress indicators and achievement tracking

### Design & Experience
- **Google Material Design**: Clean, minimal, and intuitive interface
- **Responsive Design**: Seamless experience across desktop, tablet, and mobile
- **Smooth Animations**: Framer Motion powered micro-interactions
- **Accessibility**: WCAG compliant with focus management and screen reader support

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- **Framework**: Next.js 15 with App Router
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS 4 with custom Material Design tokens
- **UI Components**: Custom component library inspired by Google Material Design

## 🏃‍♂️ Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 18+ 
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/akshayks13/genai_frontend
   cd genai_frontend
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Start the development server**
   ```bash
   npx next dev
   ```

4. **Open your browser**
   Navigate to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)


### Available Scripts

```bash
# Development
npm run dev          # Start development server

# Production
npm run build        # Build for production
npm run start        # Start production server

# Code Quality
npm run lint         # Run ESLint
```

## 🧭 User Flow

<img width="914" height="440" alt="Screenshot 2025-09-21 at 10 02 52 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/98a66499-5f9f-4f34-b7ca-0a22da8d5e2c" />

---

## 🏗 Architecture Overview

<img width="898" height="446" alt="Screenshot 2025-09-21 at 10 03 07 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5d289363-79b9-44fc-b064-0e956aaed598" />

---

## Related Repositories

- genai_geodata: https://github.com/akshayks13/genai_geodata
- genai_career_insights: https://github.com/akshayks13/genai_career_insights
- Gen_AI_Exchange (backend/auth): https://github.com/Raamprathap/Gen_AI_Exchange

## Team

Built with ❤️ by the Growgle Team

---

*Empowering the next generation of professionals with AI-driven career guidance.*

Commit message:

Revise README with updated images and repository details
Updated images and related descriptions in the README. Enhanced the Related Repositories section with a table format for better clarity.

README.md, after:

# Growgle - AI-Powered Career Advisor

Introducing Growgle, India’s first personalised, all-in-one, pan-industrial career platform, powered by Google’s latest AI models, Cloud features, and personalised real-time career feeds. Its 4.7 million token premium-quality RAG vector database—the first, largest and most diverse of its kind in India—builds a solid yet unique foundation that analyses the volatility of career stability due to under-explored realms like business psychology, administrative-policy framework updates, economic changes and international politics.

Our engines are powered with premium-quality domestic and international data, retrieved from renowned Indian and international research organizations, MNC growth statistics, business outlook reports, government agencies and ministries, statistics from Google Data Commons, administrative annual reports, and think-tank research publications. From keeping users ahead with the latest job opportunities and region-based work culture insights, to designing customised, multi-dimensional career growth plans, Growgle is the common path for Google and India towards realising Viksit Bharat by 2047.

## 🚀 Features

### Core Functionality
- **Skills Mapping**: Upload resume, manual entry, or LinkedIn integration for comprehensive skill analysis
- **AI-Powered Recommendations**: Tailored career path suggestions based on user skills and market trends
- **Industry Trends Dashboard**: Real-time insights on technology trends and government policies
- **Personalized Roadmaps**: Interactive career progression with milestones and learning paths
- **Progress Tracking**: Visual progress indicators and achievement tracking

### Design & Experience
- **Google Material Design**: Clean, minimal, and intuitive interface
- **Responsive Design**: Seamless experience across desktop, tablet, and mobile
- **Smooth Animations**: Framer Motion powered micro-interactions
- **Accessibility**: WCAG compliant with focus management and screen reader support

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- **Framework**: Next.js 15 with App Router
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS 4 with custom Material Design tokens
- **UI Components**: Custom component library inspired by Google Material Design

## 🏃‍♂️ Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 18+ 
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/akshayks13/genai_frontend
   cd genai_frontend
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Start the development server**
   ```bash
   npx next dev
   ```

4. **Open your browser**
   Navigate to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)


### Available Scripts

```bash
# Development
npm run dev          # Start development server

# Production
npm run build        # Build for production
npm run start        # Start production server

# Code Quality
npm run lint         # Run ESLint
```

## 🧭 User Flow

<img width="2146" height="1112" alt="Gen AI UserFlow" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fef37800-272c-4167-9d73-c85907f32f41" />

---

## 🏗 Architecture Overview

<img width="1865" height="1448" alt="Gen AI Architecture" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8a5ff45c-e4c4-4da4-9507-a03730709ad0" />

---

## Related Repositories

| Repository | Description |
| --- | --- |
| [genai_geodata](https://github.com/akshayks13/genai_geodata) | A Flask microservice that queries BigQuery, enriches results with Vertex AI/Gemma embeddings, and returns Gemini-powered contextual answers for geo and region-aware insights. |
| [genai_career_insights](https://github.com/akshayks13/genai_career_insights) | Modular Express.js ETL and analytics service that ingests news and job feeds into BigQuery and uses Vertex AI/Gemini to produce AI-curated career recommendations. |
| [Gen_AI_Exchange (backend/auth)](https://github.com/Raamprathap/Gen_AI_Exchange) | Firebase-backed authentication and lightweight API layer for user identity, token refresh, and session management across Growgle services. |
| [gemini-Computer-Use](https://github.com/akshayks13/gemini-Computer-Use) | Python agent suite using Gemini Computer + Playwright to control Chromium via vision+action for automating tasks like filling job applications and complex web interactions. |

## Team

Built with ❤️ by the Growgle Team

---

*Empowering the next generation of professionals with AI-driven career guidance.*
